Adds CMK for CosmosDB Account (#8919)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/cosmosdb_account.html.markdown

* `is_virtual_network_filter_enabled` - (Optional) Enables virtual network filtering for this Cosmos DB account.

> * `key_vault_key_uri` - (Optional) A Key Vault URI for encryption eg. `https://<vault-name>.vault.azure.net/keys/<key-name>` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_vault_key_uri` - (Optional) A Key Vault key URI for CMK encryption in the format of `https://<vault-name>.vault.azure.net/keys/<key-name>`.
```
